be the winner for me
it's something special but but neither
I was not obsessed with the test either
I knew that if I had to get there and go to
arrive and if he does not work I imagined this nor
not everything what I had to get
and live I do not think that I had the luck
to live a lot of things very molina
many celebrations of the title of prevented
ok and now this also not the truth
that I did not imagine that I was open to this
I'm proud to be the first
Argentine and the first canterano of this
home in getting it too thank you
the golden bam tonight officially
and has granted the French magazine
'france football' is the icing on the cake
cake that since 2005 is
accumulating leonel to andrés month and that
already has a trophy list
individual that starts to be already
unbeatable for most
footballers active this next
Sunday in Paris France football will give you
messi the golden ball last year the
Argentine was second in the voting
where the winner was the Portuguese
Christian ronaldo messi then take the
relief of the now color of real madrid
this year messi has already received between
others the prize for the best player and best
forward of last season the
trophy to the top scorer of the maximum
continental competition and prizes
corresponding to the Spanish league
before the best forward and the best
footballer last year also messi
was second in the fifa election
world player and was included in the
initial eleven of the fifa of the uefa and the
international footballers union
professionals he leaked two years ago
we talked about the year 2007 messi was second
also ranked fifa world
player because last year intercedes in
the choice of the criminal gold ball or
the Brazilian kaka
further back it should be noted prizes
very good individual
like the bravo or the golden boy the year
2005 was where the golden ball of the year
2009 began to collect prizes
individual of these were the
corresponding to the world sub-20 that is
Enjoy Holland and where Argentina
proclaimed champion of the world of
Messi category was chosen for where
gold and gold boot since the World Cup
soccer wins regardless of the prizes
given by football institutions
official how to fix filter or the
Spanish league many means of
communication have also given prizes to
the soccer task of the Argentine
from the prestigious soccer ball with
ball
clarin de argentina brand legend 11 of
gold in science dt among others something
known the work of messi